Ekagra Sinha
IIT2020070
Geekheaven can work on a social network for inter and intra wing communication and resource sharing.

Medha Tiwari
IEC2020063
If possible we can work on erp_portal 2.0

Supriya Patidar
IEC2020045
Geekhaven can work on a cryptoexchange blockchain application.

Shivanng Puri
IEC2020035
We can create a health app that lets the user enter their requirements, and prepares a diet chart for them and also recommend daily menu based on this diet.

NAME: Gude Lakshmi
ENROLMENT NO: IIT2020017
IDEAS FOR PROJECT:
• There should be a question-and-answer platform where juniors can interact with their seniors.
• Many students will have common doubts regarding their colleges, which cannot get clarified from any of the platforms such as Google and Quora. But few students may feel a little uncomfortable talking to their seniors. So here comes the need, A platform where juniors can interact with the seniors and get rendered about the stuff related to their college.
• A website where questions would be asked, answered, followed, and upvoted.
HOW IT CAN BE WORKED:
• Juniors will come up with the questions.
• Juniors have access to ask questions and upvote. Only seniors will have access to answer the questions. This can be done by giving access according to the student IDs.
• Website should be designed in such a way that it accepts only relevant questions and avoids abusive words.
• The questions with more upvotes will be displayed on the home page.

Diya Waghmare
IIT2020268
-> A portal that makes students' experience of online college more simple and organized. It can display all important announcements and assignment deadlines semester-wise in one place so that students don't have to rely on WhatsApp groups for important information.
-> A portal that displays students' journey in cc, development and other tech fields. It can show leaderboard, cc, cf rankings, github profile and other projects of each member to encourage others to take up new projects.

Mitul Varshney
IIT2020145
Oh, so you are following along! :joy:
Ahh! No ideas.
Fix GeekHaven's site. Or I may perhaps, become the Overall Coordinator again :joy:
NO I AIN'T DOING THAT!!!

Pranav Sahu
IIT2020251
Some ideas are:-
=> The first idea is a simple one : we can collect the data of the  several colleges and then based on rank ,location ,placement stats ,fees and other facilities of the college we can predict best colleges in which the student can go depending on his ranks of several exams , their weightage given to location , placement stats, their financial condition try to predict the best colleges for them . ofcourse to implement this a website will also be required. 
=> A website version of task manager can be created which schedules all the exams , assignments, important announcements can be made .The teachers should also have access to it so that they don't schedule exams on the same day or give assignments all together. this website can be distributed on sec and batch wise basis and where some announcements must be particularly visible to each sec whereas some announcements are visible to the entire batch. A pin feature can be used for important announcements which need to be visible for a longer period of time. Futhur if possible for each student a personalised task managing webpage can be  made (combined with a calender) where they can set remiders for themselves and manage their daily tasks . 
